---
title: "3 Hidden Growth ETFs That Have Outperformed Markets"
header:
  teaser: /assets/images/posts/thought2/main.png
  overlay_image: /assets/images/posts/thought2/main.png
  original: /assets/images/posts/thought2/original.png
last_modified_at: 2021-02-14
categories:
  - ThoughtPiece
tags:
  - ETF
  - TSX
author: Jason Tian
comments: true
hook: \"Low-cost ETFs will continue to gain traction as they provide a vehicle for industry diversification without limitation to global exchanges and foreign currencies.\"
customExcerpt: With a minimal management fee, you could build a diversified portfolio, mimic the performance of an market index, or diversify your investment in an industry or strategy of your choosing.
---

**This is my sample article entry for Motley Fool Canada.**

**Author: Jason Tian**



Investing in low-cost exchange traded funds (or ETFs) is one of the best ways to invest your money. With a minimal management fee, you could build a diversified portfolio, mimic the performance of an market index, or diversify your investment in an industry or strategy of your choosing. It's no wonder that ETFs are in growing popularity and can enhance any portfolio whether you are a passive or active investor.

If you are going to invest in ETFs, it is just as important to know what ETFs there are on the TSX. Here are some of the best performing growth ETFs that would enhance any portfolio.

### Horizons Robotics and Automation Index ETF

One of the fastest growing industries is robotics and artificial intelligence, and if you are looking for an ETF for growth, look no further. **The Horizons Robotics and Automation Index ETF (TSX:RBOT)** is designed track companies that are involved in the development of robotics and artificial intelligence and had astronomical returns in the past year.

Some of the top holdings are Nvidia Corp. (8.29%), Fanuc Corp. (7.85%), Intuitive Surgical Inc. (7.03%), Abb Ltd. (6.92%), and Keyence Corp. (6.77%).

This fund had one of the best performances among all ETFs at a 52.20% return in the past year from January 31st, 2020 to January 31st, 2021. With a management expense ratio (MER) of 0.60%, this is a relatively low-cost ETF that definitely gives more than it takes.

### Evolve E-Gaming Index ETF

Another hot industry that has blown up in the past year is Esports and video games. As video game industry soared in 2020, there is no doubt that it will continue its momentum to grow in 2021 and years to come especially with the adoption of virtual and augmented reality. This is why **Evolve E-Gaming Index ETF (TSX:HERO)** is set to be one of the best ETFs that track the performance of global Esports and video game companies.

Some of the top holdings are Sea Ltd. (11.65%), NetEase Inc (10.47%), Activision Blizzard Inc (10.08%), Nintendo Co Ltd (8.70%), and Electronic Arts (7.91%).

This fund also had an EXCEPTIONAL performance in the past year, up 84.21% in the past year. Although the management expense ratio (MER) is at 0.7%, it still provides amazing value by providing exposure to companies globally.

### Evolve Cloud Computing Index Fund

The year 2020 saw a huge spike in new software innovations. New social media platforms, new delivery services, new innovative tools and technologies have created a huge demand for cloud services. This recently launched ETF is bound to grow in the upcoming years. The **Evolve Cloud Computing Index Fund (TSX:DATA) (TSX:DATA.B)** is Canada's first cloud computing ETF that provides both CAD-hedged and unhedged units.

Some of the top holdings are Microsoft Corp (7.66%), Salesforce.com Inc (7.44%), Shopify Inc. (7.26%), Alphabet Inc. (7.12%), and SAP SE (7.07%).

This ETF has a management expense ratio (MER) of 0.60% but would provide valuable as this ETF captures various cloud computing companies from around the world. Some holdings like Shopify and Alphabet cost upwards of $1000 per share which makes this ETF an optimal way to diversify your investments.

### Final Words

Low-cost ETFs will continue to gain traction as they provide a vehicle for industry diversification without limitation to global exchanges and foreign currencies. Bonus points if they are in growing sectors.

